Aren't you going to divorce him?
Where is he and what does it matter to you?
If he has been advocating for the universe
Why didn't you tell me?
knowingly ask
You treat him so poorly
Why did he tell you?
How dare he tell you?
Sung Woo, don't trust him
He was sent by the right family to frame me
Trying to destroy my career
Security, get him out of here. Okay?
In my phone
It's all videos that buckwheat advocates for you in the background.
Here are some more.
It's all written for you by buckwheat
Those famous manuscripts
Jiang Yuluo's basic masterpiece
Didn't he write it all himself?
Even this is fake
This is too much.
Ah, that's too much.
Ginger down, you can ask buckwheat to sing for you.
Write a song for you
While sending it to his husband
You are too at ease for some reason, I gave the money